absolutely gutted. wish watch rt lloyd robertson set 41year national news anchor tonight
absolutely smashed. early tomorrow strawberry Stop That james' park. fuck mackems
acta ax. wrote managers hot seat tuesday
acta choo thrown 1 9th. tying chance plate.
activists demand release jharkhand tribal leader: delhi, nov 1 (ians) condemning arrest woman trib..
actually, omit vaccines top 10 move kasabian 9th, enemy dropping 10th. told it.
addicted temple worst thing happened haha.
afford 4th. carter iv great, failure
afghans protest french cartoons, us film: hundreds afghans thursday protested time a..
ages kfc, well apart mush bun passed breakfast sunday, count though
ahh song joongki.. 3rd place ?? *sobs*
akin murdoch scum, rape jokes better brah. (cont)
alabama huge commit today upset sheridan admitting nothing.
alright, daughter singing avril annoy me, forced retaliate.
also, check arsed updates sunday. hears news, pass me. thanks!
amanda thinks going oscars valid excuse washing hair thursday.
'america's talent' semifinals tuesday: want singers american idol x factor, said..
amsterdam early friday morning ideal, want home!
anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont brazil alive
andrew breitbart well murdered?
andy carroll header? technique! c'mon! technique. technique passing ball 5 yards 50 times.
annoying pre-ordered today..steve jobs looted card.
anyway, random tweets finder. unfollow night. normal sports stuff tomorrow
apple ceo apologizes error-ridden map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday company's error-ridden mobile map..
apple ceo 'extremely sorry' problems maps: source: -- sunday, september 30,..
apple innovate manage supply chain: cupertino, - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks event introducing i..
appleland, steve jobs spit morning coffee computer screen. eah!
april fool's day? real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn
arrived scotland yesterday hasnt stopped raining since. things worse sunny home. #typical
arrogant! 1st debate knowing leading polls prepare! romney potus.
arsed work tomorrow! #boring #blag
art think New York City host marathon sunday?..why So desperately help,where respect
ash wednesday hard me, day focused ash body brings bad memories me.
ass hole woops bad play knicks tomorrow
assuming heb candy people decided pizza busier super bowl sunday today
aston villa joke mate profile picture want hit gym head bridge w bitch slaps #jogon
aston villa win game knickers ready I city tomorrow lunchtime. win - mighty fallen.
ate mcdonald's feel guilty going 24 hour 2, az tomorrow, try life better
attn: runway class tonight nov 1st cancelled. inconvenience. will rescheduled next..
.at_user amanda knox lied repeatedly & cleaned bleach morning innocent petal
.at_user sat sanchez nou camp wycombe game. laughed taking the..
august 11th 2010 day met mitch.. regret taking picture him. fuck. going screenshot shows.. &lt;/3
austin rivers 1st game people sucking rookie chill !
austin rivers overrated 1st round
austin rivers stronger, #spurs guards muscling tonight. started scored 4th. #hornets
australian directioners heart attack. news boys oct/nov :-( #nottrue ? x
aw hell curtis painter coming 3rd 18 conversion.
aww :/ Instant Message pissed cant download unbroken youtube sigh, Instant Message going cinema tomorrow :d
aww shit amsterdam fridge. mmhmm tomorrow work I
axl rose trending worldwide sat butt chair talk live television drink water mug. bow down, peasants.
axl rose up. now. later, soon, tomorrow. now!
badly judged joke herring. joke rape reference rohypnol evocative such, matter intent.
bad mort zuckerman 1st amendment nydn website evil
bad news, gibbs saturday. unless play tv5 lb, lost started. santos liability will cut shreds
bad rodgers Go air 1stq! hope tomorrow good too, tony romo #spellcheckjoke
bad thing barack obama 2nd term president flop 2nd time round historically
bad times missed waterloo road thursday tenerife realise episode :( #notfair
bale doesnt celebrate goal races cuddling dempsey 2nd. illustrates perfectly bullshitting spotlight whores are.
balls. forgot celebrity juice tonight.
ball shit broken ankle sunday football army 1year thanks callum twat
barack obama cared people Nice job lift union ban george bush 3days katrina. #sandy #october failed leadership
bathroom want ship dempsey deal? 6th choice minute ll, ja, sg, ns, jj. will take cole co?
bca school tomorrow..not feel that..
bear power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa wednesday asked people tamil..
beautiful night throw brooklyn bridge --at_user
benson's attention, frankie feels forgotten stepchild. 'founding father' will forget 2nd place.
best friend arrived New York City australia. damn it, watch two-hour opener terra nova tonight.
bestfriend,octaveia, cousin ,april .. bestie,kaliyah, tricey, dasia,mikia,&amp; people richwood !!
betrayed wife legally allowed kill adulterous husband, bare hands. (hong kong)
better take joe pa pet semetary.. win agdin
beyonce sound. call hating, real.
bharatiya janata party (bjp) national vice-president gopinath munde sunday refuted rumours going join congress.
big bang tomorrow, day way soon! live sat.night!! ^_^
big brother starts tonight x factor saturday, wish emigrate hibernate :-(
big mix people, channing tatum here, anthonee bercik, autographs tomorrow.
big strictly gunplay church pistol whip priest sunday. damn :|
big time rush considered kiddie band talent care fans!
bill, murdoch apologize changed view matter.
billy cundiff. missed fucking gay 2nd quarter changed game. play
birthday february. friends think valentine's day so. :(
birthday tomorrow spend natchitoches family&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
bitch frog laughing fucking ass throw thursday
bit frustrating. think playstation netwok account. tomorrow.
bjp drama hide facts, minister - government tuesday accused bharatiya janata party (bjp) of..url
bjp members walk jpc meeting 2g: bharatiya janata party (bjp) members tuesday walked p..
bkk sleep game. 1st time lost ref.
blaming rafa season finished 7th ignoring negative impact cecil h&amp;g!
blow lions..joel patfull's season breaking hand sunday's loss adelaide. surgery wed morn. #afl
body exhausted. walked 79th jeffery lakefront, accidentally sat dead fish, 55th king dr. back.
boehner tells obama sorry, house booked sept 7, day..
boehner wants president change speech thurs going #gop2012 debate. what? time packers-saints #nfl opener?!?
:( bolton today weekend. typical timing ever!
bored host super sunday talk rave man utd #biasprick
born february close valentines. heart pains love guess I'm going crazy
botching case lieberman, israel's ag way union netanyahu
bought 1st heineken beer las vegas. ps lived 5 years ~what took long!
bought tickets sat's nets game prices jumpd allowd seller reneg proof tickets #poorcustomerservice
bought touch crap sherlock tomorrow. frame mind #leaveityeah
boys: calvin watkins explains sunday night games bad luck cowboys and..